I think there's certain conduct issues that need to be brought forth that
should not be handled in house in house. You know, we always wanna
handle every situation at the lowest level possible. But when you
have conduct issues that are gonna affect the command as a whole, um,
or it's gonna affect someone outside of the command. I think those
need to be brought up to the chain of command and be brought forward
many times with individual is gonna hurt themselves or another. Those
are things that need outside help that needs to be brought to the
commands, attention and things that are, you know, much more simpler
that are only affecting that individual that can be resolved quickly.
Those types of things that could remain in house.